so hello maybe dilutes there in pizda
fly from to slow
in short this gang
just now let's all of me right now just
I almost killed the mountain
here I need niggas shorter to me a book
blacks wet just on hard
take them out 2 go hear me dead
cars threw me and then
century on mars is not to be somewhere else and 2
find below we had a car up to 29 that u
I was a little embarrassed 229 so what I
Misha Mawashi
29 almost 228 elements dried out altogether
Now
asked not heard will come no
In short, I don't know when they just drove
direct run out with some
unfamiliar cormorants in front of the letter
dad nods there hide not every hour
shorter to the office to mine killed angry and
wells
damn guys shorter
yes it is perry want yes we are shorter yes here
Already became poher she lost run away
you know where we run we run to santa
maria beach could on the beach of don santa maria
scourge mazafaka yes guys finally I did
returned shorter in youtube returned
generally straight straight yes straight pipets shorter
reverse
an evil man to walk into a very bad at
I didn't have time to shoot because
I walked there so on
Here I actually said I will shoot
all of course you are very bad if not
fuck here would not walk
drank tutu.ru yes of course I walked and shorter
I will cut everything but I wanted to shoot on me
laziness was very much but now it is no longer
laziness and in short i'm shooting the line now
there will be all the chips you read
Fatiha homeless.
yes respected tired run Misha mawashi was
krishna shorter all weak so
well, we continue to run shorter today
go there and why are you fucking okay
it's not necessary to go so far will their
cars you lifted the sheet all on foot from 1
Well done, thank you for seeing some
dinar beats want you destroyed by taxi drivers
no need to touch mom anything contract
asset you fagged them since childhood just
you will come out
one day
chain arising has become to itself
I'm sick you think
hanging
write
well i'm the light
owner and
after all
we sat down .
she always seemed
collect you yours
oh my god damn where my god i'm where the voltage
spoke where scramble row pull me out
let's fix me a bum filter
Th neither me nor I him and obeyed
do not go to max coffee and think for
coffee amide dudes
well you coffee yes it is clear that everything is on site
you especially don't give a shit about you too
scary everything for some reason scary everything
for some reason, everything is wonderful all only
Found because today’s our hoesos
release ends all thanks
subscribe to his channel
rubber put huskies it was just
epic look well, in short it was
the issue has begun to get low rates
likes thanks now i